♪♪
[ animal grunting ]
[ grunting continues ]
[ boar screams ]
♪♪
[ crunches ]
[ gasps ]
[ dinosaur groans ]
[ snarling ]
[ growling ]
♪♪
[ bird squawks ]
[ insects chirping ]
♪♪
[ insects continue chirping ]
[ mud squelching ]
♪♪
[ growling softly ]
[ growls softly ]
♪♪
[ grunts ]
[ sniffing ]
[ growls ]
[ flies buzzing ]
♪♪
[ growls ]
[ boar grunting ]
♪♪
[ roars ]
[ boar grunts ]
♪♪
[ grunts ]
[ roars ]
[ roars, grunts ]
[ crunching ]
[ crunching continues ]
♪♪
[ insects continue chirping ]
[ insect chittering ]
[ screeches ]
[ squealing ]
[ crunches ]
[ crunching ]
[ growls, sniffing ]
[ groans ]
[ flies buzzing ]
[ groaning ]
[ birds chirping,
thunder rumbling ]
[ animals calling ]
[ thumping ]
[ roars ]
[ thumping continues ]
♪♪
[ yells, grunts ]
[ roars ]
♪♪
[ animals calling ]
[ snoring ]
[ snoring continues ]
[ grunts loudly ]
[ grunts ]
[ groans ]
[ resumes snoring ]
[ snoring continues ]
♪♪
[ mimicking dinosaur ]
[ mimics wolf howling ]
♪♪
[ mimicking animal calls ]
[ mimicking dog barking ]
[ dinosaur roars ]
[ children screaming ]
♪♪
[ growling softly ]
[ thunder crashes ]
[ birds chirping ]
[ animals calling ]
[ animals continue calling ]
♪♪
[ gasps ]
[ snarls softly ]
♪♪
[ grunts softly ]
[ roars ]
[ grunting ]
[ continues grunting,
yelling ]
♪♪
[ growling softly ]
[ thunder crashes ]
[ animals continues calling ]
[ thunder rumbling ]
♪♪
[ roars ]
[ animal squeals ]
[ roars loudly ]
♪♪
[ yells ]
[ roars ]
[ thunder crashes ]
[ both roaring ]
[ rain pattering ]
[ thunder rumbling ]
[ roars ]
[ roars loudly ]
[ rain continues pattering ]
[ broken spear clatters ]
[ growling softly ]
[ roaring ]
[ grunts ]
[ roars ]
[ thunder crashing ]
[ shrieking ]
[ growls ]
[ hissing ]
♪♪
[ hissing continues ]
[ squeals ]
[ hisses ]
♪♪
[ roars ]
[ gasps, coughs ]
♪♪
[ hisses loudly ]
[ grunts ]
♪♪
[ roars ]
[ gasps ]
♪♪
[ snake creaking ]
[ cracking, crunching ]
[ gasps ]
[ growls softly ]
[ growling softly ]
[ growling mournfully ]
[ gasps ]
[ coughing ]
[ footsteps approaching ]
[ growls ]
♪♪
[ growling softly ]
[ boar squeals ]
♪♪
[ animals calling ]
[ hissing ]
[ grunts ]
[ roars ]
[ hissing stops ]
♪♪
[ roars ]